---
tags:
  - "#meeting"
  - "#MoM"
created: 10-01-2024 19:30
participants: Kaushik, Jochen, Pavel, Maria, Yury
---
# 01-Introduction
---
## Notes
New Buildings will directly use modular / removable facade elements.
existing buildings will be retrofitted with these facade elements.
The facade elements protect the structure from heatwaves, earthquake and floods. (How?)
Or, should the facade elements be earthquake-proof?

Hoelscher needs to create three real life prototypes.
1. Amsterdam
2. Milan
3. somewhere else

Need to define what resilience means in this context / real-life and for facade construction
Measure and monitor in real-time, collect data, and use data.

Lot of work packages(WP) form one work stream. (WS)

The aim is to create plug and play facade elements, that are easy to manufacture, are ecologically neutral, with low GWP, and can supports circular economy (ETH Zurich) by allowing for dismantling and re-use while still maintaining the functionality.

Find an existing solution, and adapt to our cause. But also understand how to deal with mentioned hazards. Every proposal needs to be based on data.

WP 15, 16, 17 - build mockups
18 - something important

Probably more focus on retrofitting, and existing buildings.
It could be better to use market-ready materials as opposed to experimental materials.

## Questions
1. Last Friday - meeting about Floods: Can we get access to the meeting notes / recording? - Jochen will organize the recordings, and files once he knows the official participants for the research project.
2. What is the scope of work? (Is it make facade design for three different location, and three different disaster situation(s)?)
3. Just like how a voltage regulator maintains the voltage, and removes excess voltage, is it possible to regulate temperature? If so, can we program a building for a certain temperature? Can performance of such a system be measured by the error percentage?
4. What is required from us for every meeting? Should we present our status? or ideas? Is there a template?
---
## Tasks
1. LCA and Stages, GWP, Digital Material Passport, Circular Economy from ETH
2. Modular Construction: Case Study - Paul Wintour's blogs
3. Is it similar to Lego? or Similar to Godzilla?
4. Understand the site, and it's affinity for different mentioned disasters - before even trying to design for that location(s).
5. How to calculate, and Simulate the forces?
6. How do the disasters affect the building / facade? and what kind if solution is required?
		What does flood resilience mean? Should the facade withstand the water / dampness, and water pressure? Or should the facade convert itself into a boat to help the people?
7. What are the KPI (Key Performance Indicators) of the research / project?
8. Check which prototypes are for new constructions and which ones for existing materials?
9. Also read other participant's works - to understand the direction of the material study, and adapt digital tools(s) accordingly.
10. 50-75% of the project works will be meeting(s), discussions with peers, and attending conferences.
11. How can resilience be measured, compared, and increased? This would be a Key Performance Indicator
12. What is the Exo-Skeleton approach in Facade Design? Is it Earthquake resilient? Also, what does resilience mean in this context?
13. What does "Sustainable" mean in this context? Economic? Ecological?
14. There are two parts to the project.
	1. Find topics to research, along with reference materials
	2. Find dates for deliverables, and what to present
15. 