---
tags:
  - meeting
  - MoM
created: 05-02-2024 14:11
participants:
---
# 2024.01.29
---
## Notes
1. Does the database which we create now, serve as the basis for decisions in the later stage?
2. If there are new information in the future, will that be updated?
3. How do we make sure the database itself becomes a huge project to maintain?
4. As a database does it integrate / import from other databases available from other projects / companies?
5. Why Grasshopper? what process are we trying to automate? What does the simplified model represent?
6. Are we including Phase A and B only? what about C (End of Life), and D
	> Only A1, A2, A3, and maybe D1


1. Manufacturing / Product companies with public EPDs
2. CheckOut: CES EduPack
3. CheckOut: OneClickLCA
4. CheckOut: Karamba3D
5. Parameters for Benchmark model
6. List of commonly used materials / material-combinations for comparision
7. Clear Deliverable for the Workpackage

8. Find companies that have EPDs
9. Check CES EduPack
10. Check with Simon - what is the design intent?
11. What is the benchmack / test model for comparision?
12. Shortlist commonly used materials, and material combinations. (These will be later analyzed for GWP in design stage)
13. Check OneClickLCA
14. Categorize companies and their EPDs
15. Material Passport for Early Stage Facade Design
16. The Database is the deliverable. That can be used in the next stages
17. Karamba + Database from Sakshi
18. 100 year Floor Data, and similar data for flood and other calamities
## Questions
1. Can you share the EPD for Technoform?
2. Can you share the Deliverables document? - Grant Agreement
3. Simona, Where do we host the cost / application? Can we create a github repository for tech-based tools we build?

---
## Tasks
1. 
   